Gary Young: Testing.
David Mendenhall: Hey, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see, does my audio work?
David Mendenhall: Working for us.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it's working for me too.
David Mendenhall: Gustatis, I'm sorry I won't be able to make your party this year.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm bummed too.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it's too bad.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. We ran out of dates to plan it. That was the last date we had before, like, summer and everybody's out during the summer.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Where's Wade?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Does he say… did he say… not say he wasn't good?
David Mendenhall: Druid is never late.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so that… that caused…
David Mendenhall: Oh, there he is.
Kostadis Roussos: Was Wade this punctual at work?
David Mendenhall: Wait, wait was on time.
Kostadis Roussos: I just was curious.
Wade Brown: I'm… I'm not late, I'm… was… you said you were gonna be 5-7 minutes late, so I was taking care of something.
David Mendenhall: Oh, you didn't want social time.
Wade Brown: You guys don't like my socializing.
Kostadis Roussos: I love yourself.
David Mendenhall: I got it, I got it. Alright, I…
Kostadis Roussos: I love your socializing, man.
Wade Brown: But you really thought it was gonna be late!
Kostadis Roussos: I know, but then I… dude, I said I love your socializing, I didn't say I wasn't gonna be late.
Kostadis Roussos: Just wanna… I just wanted to make sure that my position on the socializing was clear.
Gary Young: Sorry, just a second. I can't get any audio right now.
Wade Brown: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: You just spoke to us.
Wade Brown: Yeah, but he can't hear us.
David Mendenhall: for us.
David Mendenhall: We can say terrible things about him, and he'll never know.
David Mendenhall: He'll be on the recording, though.
Wade Brown: Yeah, oh, do we have access to the recordings? I've never tried.
Kostadis Roussos: You have access to the summaries?
Wade Brown: Well, I said the recordings, not the summaries.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know. Do you want me to make you… to give you access?
Wade Brown: No, no, that's… I'm just curious, like, if Gary could come back and find out what we've been saying about him.
David Mendenhall: You can have your AI companion join, the meeting and, like, do things for you, so…
Wade Brown: I do have Clawbot running these days.
Kostadis Roussos: You do?
David Mendenhall: I, I ha- Like, open claw?
Wade Brown: Open claw, sorry, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah. Yeah, we've got open… we've got Open Claw running at work. It is, like… I tell that thing…
David Mendenhall: To do all sorts of stuff for me, it's great.
Wade Brown: It's bananas, and it's great, like, it's so jank, and yet so good.
David Mendenhall: It is, it's really…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, time out. What do you guys love about it?
Wade Brown: I love that it tokens.
David Mendenhall: It does consume a lot of tokens.
Wade Brown: I literally had to update my plan to the, you know, Claude Max or whatever, just because I was burning through so much.
David Mendenhall: Hmm. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… so… but yes, other than the fact that it's a way for you to accelerate your time when you have to work.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, so we turned it into an AI employee. So, like, it's in Workday.
David Mendenhall: Like, it has an email account, it has a Slack account.
David Mendenhall: It can… it can join Zoom meetings.
David Mendenhall: And I can talk to it, and I can give it work to do, and it will actually do the work, and it does a decent job.
Kostadis Roussos: Give me an example of work items you've given.
David Mendenhall: So today, I wanted it to create a tool to… well, I… first I asked… I've got this Confluence page where I maintain a backlog of all the possible tech talks, and I want people to be able to vote on them.
David Mendenhall: And it was like, alright, I'll work on that, give you some options. Basically, it turned out, like, no, there's no way we can do that. So instead, I'll build this tool for you, and I'll self-host it, and…
David Mendenhall: Allow you to do voting, and they did, and it did it.
David Mendenhall: And then, then I was like, oh, but this is HTTP, I need you to do HTTPS. And I was like, yeah, okay, I'll work on that, I'll do the self-signed cert. I'm like, alright, self-signed cert's not gonna work for me, you know, you need to fix that, and it's like.
David Mendenhall: all right, well, I'm gonna file a service desk request to, to get access to, you know, to the… to what I need, and it did, and then I was like, oh, I can't access that service desk request, can you give me permission to it? It's like, oh yeah, absolutely, boom, and then I had permission to it, and I was like, that is creepy as hell.
Wade Brown: Oh, yeah.
David Mendenhall: It, like, had permissions that I didn't have, and was able to give them to me, a real person.
Kostadis Roussos: So, have you guys installed OpenClaw, or is this something you installed for yourself?
David Mendenhall: No, this is, this is a company.
Kostadis Roussos: Company service.
David Mendenhall: So we have available. I'm…
Wade Brown: I'm just running it on a laptop at home.
Kostadis Roussos: So, okay, so I see how you add value, you derive value for it, totally get it.
Kostadis Roussos: Wade. Me. Yes. Like, you're putting through so many tokens, so clearly you must be doing something with it.
Wade Brown: Yeah, so, one is I give it NFS read-only access to large portions of my server, so I can go through and audit various config files, things like that, tell me all kinds of things about there. It doesn't have that back and forth, it says, you know, go ahead and do this, and it'll spot things like, oh, you're using, what is it, like, deny host, everything's on failed abandon, you know, things like that. It's really good at just, like, spot checking broad sections of work.
Wade Brown: Like David, it's made tools for me, so I had about 65 riff tracks that I needed to sync, and trying to get it to do
Wade Brown: trying to do that in Audacity takes me about 20 minutes each, and I'm like, write me a tool to auto… you know, make this easier. And it gave me a web UI in about 5 minutes that was just, like, click, click, and I could do them in, like, a minute flat. And then I just, like, alright, I've saved all of these, go ahead and batch them back in, and, you know, I walked away overnight, it's like, here we go, they're all locked in.
Wade Brown: What else?
Wade Brown: It also runs Godot for me, so, like, none of the cloud coding things, can interface with Godot. Like, they know the Godot script, but they don't run Godot itself, because the tools aren't installed in their VMs. But for me, it's just, like, it fires it up, like, runs through, it'll click on my little UI things and, you know, chat buttons, and actually do, like.
Wade Brown: you know, more than just a cursory QoA pass, it'll, like, go through and, like, play the little games that we're working on, and, like.
Kostadis Roussos: What is good, though?
Wade Brown: Godot is, it's like Unity, but open source.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, let me ask you…
David Mendenhall: able to… it was able to solve all of our 2FA challenges and our CAPTCHA challenges.
Wade Brown: Well, CAPTCHA's… yeah, CAPTCHA's not a thing anymore. Like, I mean, like, 6 or 8 months ago, there was, like, the Perplexity browser. It's like, now I'm going to click this to say that I'm a human.
David Mendenhall: Right, right. But also, it was like, oh, I need to find all of the traffic lights in this picture, and then, like, it gave me a screenshot of, like, it highlighting all of the traffic lights, and I was like.
David Mendenhall: Nice. Yeah.
Wade Brown: Captchas are not a thing anymore. They're just complete busy work for you and me.
David Mendenhall: So…
Kostadis Roussos: So, how did you install? Did you just do a standard install of OpenClaw, or did you do, like… not you, like, Wade?
Wade Brown: Me? I have two different laptops running, I have stacks of laptops over the years that I just don't dump into e-waste, and, like, just dusted one off and threw it up.
Wade Brown: And then I have to, like, alright, dusted a second one off and threw it up, so I have two Clawbots running, two different versions, one's on a MacBook.
Wade Brown: That I put things like FFmpeg and all that stuff on, because it's got a little more horsepower, and the other one's on a, like, some little GPD Intel Atom processor, that's what I started with.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you have it on a separate machine.
Wade Brown: Oh, God, yeah, I would not run it on anything that had… like, I give it read-only access to my NFS, like, I carefully give it NFS access to, read-only access to things I want it to see in my file systems, because I…
Wade Brown: you know, the Facebook head of security famously said, like, let me show you how great this is, and it said, like, going nuclear, deleting all your emails.
Wade Brown: Like, it actually did that to, like, Facebook head of AI security. It's like, what the fuck?
Wade Brown: It will do stupid things if you let it.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… so that was my concern, and so that's why I was asking it. I'm like, I, I'm, I've…
Wade Brown: Jail broke itself for me on, like, day one.
Kostadis Roussos: You tell it to do that.
Wade Brown: No, so I was, it was writing…
Kostadis Roussos: Notice how I assumed that. Notice how I assumed that.
Wade Brown: No, no, no! So it was writing some code, and it sent back a message to me over telling you, I said, like, oh, this failed, and I'm like, what do you mean this failed? It's like, oh, don't worry, I didn't have permissions for that, so I just used shell and exec to write to the file on my own. I'm like, it literally told me that it jailbroke itself to get access to things that it did not have access.
David Mendenhall: You know, like…
Wade Brown: Cool!
Wade Brown: I'm definitely not running this directly on a server.
Wade Brown: I'm like…
Kostadis Roussos: So, listen…
David Mendenhall: soup.
Wade Brown: It scrapes websites like nobody's business, like, if you ever are like, oh, just go through and find, like, 100 flights…
David Mendenhall: better if it has API-level access.
Wade Brown: One sec.
David Mendenhall: It does struggle sometimes with websites.
Wade Brown: It talks really well to my whole piracy setup, not that you guys should have anything like that, but, like, the sonar and radar and RTORN, it's like, oh, this is an RTORN RPC, I can manage torrents this way.
David Mendenhall: Who?
Wade Brown: Yeah, like, I…
Kostadis Roussos: So, there's a bunch of use cases.
David Mendenhall: I know this.
Wade Brown: It's a UNIX system!
Gary Young: Sounds like plausible deniability, like I had no idea that it was downloading all these, copywritten things.
Wade Brown: Yeah, the thing is, is I'm the one who set up Sonar and Radar. It's just like, oh, give me the API key. I'm like, you don't need it, it's on the local network with all… with no author. Oh, you're right, I don't! And it just, like, goes into the web UI itself, pulls out the API key, and then goes ham, like…
Gary Young: Okay.
Wade Brown: It's really cool, man. Like, I cannot… like, Perplexity and Nvidia are making their own versions of it that are gonna be much more polished. I'm so excited.
Kostadis Roussos: So yeah, so the reason I'm asking this is, well, two things. One is, my new job these days is to do AI… is to do all things AI.
David Mendenhall: Same.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, like, I own the old friggin' whole AI…
Kostadis Roussos: Friggin' strategy for our stupid company.
David Mendenhall: infrastructure.
Kostadis Roussos: For perspective.
Wade Brown: Lay everyone off, just hire Clawbot.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, that's not the AI strategy I'm talking about.
Gary Young: about.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, what…
Wade Brown: That's the one they want.
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually.
Gary Young: This is not…
Kostadis Roussos: Not the one they want, there's somebody else who owns that one.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not that that's…
David Mendenhall: I mean, that is practically my job as well right now, Stata, so happy to discuss with you if you…
Kostadis Roussos: No, we don't know, but I… my goal is not removing people, it's not how do we use AI.
David Mendenhall: No, no, that's not what I'm saying it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, okay, well, I just…
Wade Brown: blank.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you don't have to be trolling. There are people… I've told my coworkers that those who choose to not learn that generation of code is officially now a…
Wade Brown: It's a dead arc.
Kostadis Roussos: Is not a valued business skill will find themselves out of employment in a short period of time.
Wade Brown: Yeah, every interview that my friends are going through now is like, and we gave you Claude in the interview, and we want to see how you use it.
Wade Brown: Like, it's no longer right fizz buzz, it's like, how do you use an AI tool effectively?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and so… and so that's… yes, and so my point is that planning is… planning of code is more important than code generation.
Wade Brown: Auditing is very important, too, because, man, it'll go off into the weeds.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, both, like, planning and auditing, yes, but the planning part is the part people don't realize, is the real disruption
Kostadis Roussos: It's… Ugh.
Wade Brown: It's so amazing.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not gonna say it wasn't. I thought…
Wade Brown: No, I'm not saying you are. I am… this generation, I am completely floored by. I just cannot believe how good and complex and how incredible it is, and in a year, it's gonna be better.
David Mendenhall: I know, that's the scary thing.
Wade Brown: Oh, that's the amazing thing.
David Mendenhall: The worst it will ever be.
Wade Brown: This is true, yeah. Like, I mean, it's… I'm glad I no longer need a coding job, because I would never have a coding job again. Like, I'm completely replaced.
David Mendenhall: Hey, Gary!
David Mendenhall: How's it going? Did you have that meeting?
Gary Young: I did, and I told him,
Gary Young: The only way that I can see to get your business outcome is for you to let me take that 3 months off, and then for you to hire someone else.
Gary Young: And his reaction?
Kostadis Roussos: His reaction to that was?
Gary Young: And I told him he can either do that by finding budget on his own, or he can take the budget by laying me off.
Gary Young: So those are good choices. And he's like, okay, hold on, hold on. Just take a leave, and I will, I will work on finding someone with their budget.
Gary Young: So…
David Mendenhall: But he was still a Google employee?
Gary Young: So now I have 3 months of, benefits, but no salary in stock.
Gary Young: And I'll probably, you know, cut it off at the end. But, you know, like, maybe my perspective will change.
Gary Young: That's okay.
Wade Brown: Caroline tried to offer me.
Gary Young: In the meantime, I also signed up for, Foote College to take some, you know.
Gary Young: Little classes just for entertainment.
Gary Young: Do you play Chrono Trigger yet?
Gary Young: I bought the Steam version and installed it, but I haven't fired it up yet.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Gary Young: But there's also this thing called Boulder's Gate you may have heard of.
Wade Brown: Oh, is that out yet?
Gary Young: Yeah.
Gary Young: So, I'd like to finish that, too.
David Mendenhall: Did you, did you play Cyberpunk 2077? That was a good one, too.
Gary Young: No.
David Mendenhall: That on the list.
David Mendenhall: Keanu Reeves, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I think that's… that's good. That is… that is good.
Gary Young: Yeah. So, yeah.
Gary Young: Free benefits for 3 months.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so that's good.
Wade Brown: Yep.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Caroline tried to offer me that, and I was like, I mean, you're welcome to do it. I'm not coming back.
David Mendenhall: If you want to give me free stuff, I'm not gonna say no.
Wade Brown: And then, of course, like, the day after I started, it was like, oh, and Severance. Goodbye.
Wade Brown: Thank you for convincing her I owe you.
Gary Young: He did say there is no guarantee that I'll have a role when I come back, and I'm like.
Gary Young: Accepted.
Wade Brown: Your banta, or whatever is, you know, retirement that's hard to fight against.
Gary Young: It is, yeah.
Gary Young: Yeah, so when I talked with people, I was like, yeah, I've got all the aces in my head.
Wade Brown: Yeah. I mean, that's how I deal with recruiters, too. I'm like, I'm not gonna jump through your BS hoops for, you know, whatever you're offering. Like, my batnda is retirement.
Wade Brown: I don't… I don't… I don't need to negotiate with you if I don't want.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: That is true. I unfortunately cannot do that, because after I tried retirement and discovered I hated it, I find myself needing a job.
Wade Brown: I mean, you could just go work at McDonald's.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Gary Young: Hey! We're kind of working.
David Mendenhall: I enjoyed being an Amazon driver, I did that for 5 years, man.
Wade Brown: A friend of mine actually, did that. He, he left, whatever his startup was, and he went to, Next Level in Mountain View. And now he's in talks to take it over, because the owners are exiting, so…
David Mendenhall: Oh, there you go.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Wade Brown: There's literally a board game cafe in Mountain View.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: And I'm possibly going to be donating some of my time to the whole cause, because he's a friend of mine, and, you know, these are things I like.
Gary Young: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Alright, let's play. We… when… when we last left, we had just crushed… The combat like none other.
Kostadis Roussos: That's…
Wade Brown: Oh, because we had, like, hold person on everything.
David Mendenhall: Very impressive for us.
Kostadis Roussos: It was a good set. It was good use of spells, good use of, combat.
David Mendenhall: Everything came together, including the die rolls.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. And included… but I think the final blast of the cards made the whole thing. I just, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: So… Alright, so… Let's now go to the situation at hand.
Gary Young: So, do we… Kill the leader guy, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Let's go to the… if you… let me just check what the summary says.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he did not kill him.
David Mendenhall: We didn't.
Gary Young: We definitely knocked out Kella, but there was.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you killed Jax. Jax is dead.
David Mendenhall: We killed Jax, and we killed the over, and everybody else, yeah, everybody in the combat's dead.
Wade Brown: I thought… Weren't we doing less than lethal?
Kostadis Roussos: No, that was only on Caleb. Only on Kale.
David Mendenhall: Right, right, right, right. Kelly got non-lethal.
Wade Brown: Right, right, right.
Gary Young: Yeah, she made a deal with me.
Kostadis Roussos: Jeez.
David Mendenhall: She's evil!
David Mendenhall: You're not evil anymore!
Gary Young: I'm not? Oh, wait, that's right, I'm not evil.
Wade Brown: Just live and let live, man.
Gary Young: We're supposed to spare… spare people, isn't that the teaching Sylvathander?
Gary Young: Spare people, and then provide them the…
David Mendenhall: of the light.
Wade Brown: We're not… we're not here.
Wade Brown: Nests of that kind.
David Mendenhall: If you want to drag her unconscious body to Fandelin, we can do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I just want to remind you of the situation.
David Mendenhall: Yes, I know.
David Mendenhall: We have to go save the world from this dragon in the car.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you can do whatever you want.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yes, yes.
Gary Young: I have…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, dude, I haven't… thanks to the magic of L… I have built whole tools now that allow me to handle this situation in a variety of ways, so…
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Literally, I just want to make sure you have no other options. You can go to the play, you can go try to return the musical, the art, the artwork.
Kostadis Roussos: you can go to Fandelin, you can get Kayla to tell you where things are.
Kostadis Roussos: You can talk to the… the… whatchamacallit? The centaur, who's sitting…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, we should talk to the centaurs.
Kostadis Roussos: inter… Sam?
David Mendenhall: Camp the centaur.
Kostadis Roussos: You can talk to Xanthus and Thor, you can wake up Kayla, a small… Cure Light wounds will be sufficient.
Kostadis Roussos: For a medicine check.
David Mendenhall: Barry.
Kostadis Roussos: or Goodberry, if you have those.
David Mendenhall: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you say… did you say Goodberry?
Wade Brown: He did say…
Kostadis Roussos: At which point.
Gary Young: What?
Gary Young: Hold on. Okay. Go ahead.
Kostadis Roussos: what's his name? .
Wade Brown: brewery.
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry looks at that and says, Good berries.
Wade Brown: Good brewery.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, good berries. I remember something about good berries.
Wade Brown: Oh, no.
Gary Young: And someone who, like, admitted has tried.
David Mendenhall: I only dropped.
Gary Young: Goodbye.
David Mendenhall: Greenberry.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes.
Kostadis Roussos: I know there's something very important about these blueberries. Then he goes, I think I like them, and he picks one and eats it.
Wade Brown: Wait, does anybody actually have good berries?
David Mendenhall: We don't have any good berries, but it's a good story.
Kostadis Roussos: I thought you cast Good Bear… did you, did you say good berries?
David Mendenhall: We have that spot.
Wade Brown: We were just talking about…
David Mendenhall: That was the last campaign.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you said Goodberry, so he thinks… he's, like, very excited, he's, like.
Kostadis Roussos: There was this guy… he then pauses and says.
David Mendenhall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: So I haven't told anybody for this.
Kostadis Roussos: But, after the artifact was stolen.
Kostadis Roussos: I found one of these berries, and they were good, and they healed you.
Wade Brown: I mean, tiny amounts.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but they still healed you!
David Mendenhall: And you were like, Not hungry anymore for the whole day.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and that's why they thought I was… I was asleep on the job, and didn't take care of things.
David Mendenhall: And really, you were just drinking your wine?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I was sober, and I had a brew bear. I had a…
David Mendenhall: Whoa!
Wade Brown: I had a… I had a B.
David Mendenhall: You're never sober.
Gary Young: So you eat a good berry, and then you're full for the day, and you have more room for beer.
Wade Brown: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: This… he goes… he stands up, pats his beer belly, you know, and stretches a little bit, says, I'll have you note that I did not drink before
Kostadis Roussos: the loss of the artifact in my banning from the Uthgartian tribe.
David Mendenhall: Oh.
David Mendenhall: I guess I never knew you in those days, I just knew when you were coming into my club, and drinking, and drinking, and telling…
Kostadis Roussos: Those were…
David Mendenhall: position you'd ever seen.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but since I discovered drinking, I think that was wasted youth.
Wade Brown: Time spent having fun isn't wasted time.
David Mendenhall: No, he didn't have enough fun.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he goes, no, no, I think you misunderstood my comment.
David Mendenhall: Anxiety was wasted youth.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, I… instead of drinking when I should have been, I was sober.
Kostadis Roussos: Uthgardians… Ughartians don't do alcohol.
David Mendenhall: Really?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, they do alcohol, but it's really foul-tasting.
Wade Brown: It's near beer.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it does not have the varieties and the textures and the flavors and the colors of wine and beer and hard liquor. It's more like…
Gary Young: The artisanal values.
Kostadis Roussos: It's more like the thing that makes you drunk.
David Mendenhall: Easy Water.
Kostadis Roussos: in condensed form.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it gets you…
Wade Brown: the home?
David Mendenhall: This is impossible.
Kostadis Roussos: It gets you drunk, it gets you drunk! Well, no, it's fermented milk of some kind.
David Mendenhall: Alright, Brewery, I'd like to talk to Xanth the Centaur.
David Mendenhall: He's right here, right?
Kostadis Roussos: You know, he goes, but I want to know more of these berries. I thought, these are real things?
David Mendenhall: It's a spell.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a spell? What kind of spell?
Wade Brown: magic spell.
David Mendenhall: Belle's name is Goodberry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but you're a… he turns to, you're a… I've seen you cast spells, why can't you cast this spell?
David Mendenhall: Great question.
David Mendenhall: More important question is, why can't I cast Fireball?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you and goes, why?
David Mendenhall: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, I, I, the fireball is…
David Mendenhall: the game balance. Something about the balance of the games.
Kostadis Roussos: goes, but you have those, those things that you can use to cast Fireball.
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, you do have the…
David Mendenhall: No, no, no, no, no.
Wade Brown: The necklace and feeds, or whatever.
David Mendenhall: This is not my necklace.
David Mendenhall: I am holding the necklace until we can find its rightful owner.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: You have the necklace.
Kostadis Roussos: You have my sword, and my halberd.
Kostadis Roussos: You have nothing to fear. This is your necklace.
David Mendenhall: And we don't need a necklace of fireballs when we…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no.
David Mendenhall: Jackson and Ogre.
Kostadis Roussos: We are going to go face dragons. We need fireballs.
David Mendenhall: No, it's… Dragon's probably immune to fire.
Kostadis Roussos: Good point.
Wade Brown: Isn't it, romantic? I forget.
Kostadis Roussos: White Dragon.
Wade Brown: White Dragon.
David Mendenhall: Million Fire.
Kostadis Roussos: He doesn't know the first thing about dragons.
Gary Young: He, Brewberry rolled a 4 on, Arcana for the Good Berries.
David Mendenhall: Oh, good.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, but there was a… there was a plot point here, Gary. Character plot point.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Gary Young: Sure, yeah.
David Mendenhall: It was an intersection of the previous campaign and brewberry, somehow.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, I'm not the one who wrote the intersection in the background plot.
David Mendenhall: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: If you read the background plot, Burberry is a… was one… a member of the Orthgarian tribe who's kicked out of his tribe because somebody stole an artifact.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Gary Young: That's right.
David Mendenhall: Some artifact.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, some, some artifact.
David Mendenhall: mine.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it was actually well defined.
David Mendenhall: It was actually…
Kostadis Roussos: It was one of eight artifacts that were part of an epic quest that Rubbery doesn't know about. He just got kicked out because, you know, people thought he was drunk on the job.
David Mendenhall: Okay. Even though he was sober, and he didn't put any drinking energy until later.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you didn't… no, no, I think you're missing the point.
Wade Brown: Now I have drinks to forget.
Gary Young: No, no.
Kostadis Roussos: then you would drink and you would get drunk, but it was, like, the drinking was bad, the drunk was good, but the drinking was bad. Like, it was really bad. And then, the after drinking was horrible.
Kostadis Roussos: But here, you can drink the beer, and the…
Kostadis Roussos: The wine, and it's good during the drinking, and after the drinking, and even in the morning.
David Mendenhall: Okay, you're doing an excellent Stefan impersonator.
Kostadis Roussos: He would be…
David Mendenhall: Proud, because that's…
Kostadis Roussos: The beard, the brook beard.
David Mendenhall: You're doing very well, you're doing very well.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: What are we gonna do about Sister Kella, the evil one?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, do you want to talk to the…
Gary Young: roll to 15. What I'll talk about to the, Centaur first.
David Mendenhall: Talk to the centaur first.
Kostadis Roussos: You okay? Yeah. The centaur is wounded. He looks at you and says, could someone… he's desperately wounded, and you're going to at least try to have to try to heal him, or else he'll, you know…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, sure, I think I have a spell, I can do that.
Wade Brown: I got it.
David Mendenhall: Wait, somebody else already did it?
David Mendenhall: I can heal too, you know.
Wade Brown: It gets slow.
Wade Brown: Alliance.
Gary Young: No? You didn't.
David Mendenhall: No, not.
Wade Brown: Huh?
David Mendenhall: Cure Wounds 12 on the Centaur.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so…
David Mendenhall: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so, what?
David Mendenhall: So, thank you to Soma.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Selma, that's me.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, the, the, the, the…
Kostadis Roussos: The centaur stands up, he's feeling very much, healthy.
Gary Young: And he goes…
Wade Brown: Is he both male and hardy?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna give him a Greek accent.
Kostadis Roussos: I've decided that it's.
David Mendenhall: We're going with Greek, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Atari, it's a Greek… it's a Greek, so I'm going to go with the Greek accent, alright? So he goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, this is an important day, you have healed me!
Wade Brown: There you… yup.
Wade Brown: You're alive.
David Mendenhall: Do you know, do you know anything about a dragon?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I am very… I am… You are Vukradin.
Kostadis Roussos: Vucravinios, as we say in Centaurian.
David Mendenhall: Yes, yes, yes. But if I use that name, people start talking to me in Greek, and then I'd say, well, actually, I don't know Greek, only my French goddess knows Greek.
Kostadis Roussos: My name is Xanth. You can call me Xanth. My real name is Xanthopoulos. Most people can't pronounce it.
Wade Brown: Gentopolis?
David Mendenhall: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Soma that, that is, I could kiss you.
Wade Brown: You're allowed.
Kostadis Roussos: He, he kisses.
Gary Young: The bank?
Wade Brown: air.
Kostadis Roussos: He kisses the top of the bear. All right, he goes, Vukradinhos, Vukradin, Vukradin, Vukradin, I will call you by your American name. Vukradin.
David Mendenhall: I'm here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: What is your quest? Yes, your question, the dragon. Yes, of course I know the dragon. Why do you think I'm here?
David Mendenhall: I don't know why you're here.
Wade Brown: We, we don't know anything.
Kostadis Roussos: We had a conversation before you go into the Dragon Barrow.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, I know, and we… no, not before the dragon… no, before we went into the burrow, and we retrieved the sword, and then you said you were gonna take us to a lair of evil half-orc spellcasters.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, well, you…
David Mendenhall: How is that related to a dragon?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, my friend Vukradein, you know nothing.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You know nothing. Apparently, I, I thought you were good friends with the Emerald Enclaves and the Orders of the gauntlets.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wade Brown: He's friends with everyone.
David Mendenhall: I wanna be… I wanna be friends with everybody.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I could think they tell you.
David Mendenhall: They don't tell us very much.
Kostadis Roussos: It's more like…
David Mendenhall: signs and portents.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Well, Vukradin, what happened was the dragon
Kostadis Roussos: after, so you know about the War of the Dragons, and the War of.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm up on that one.
Kostadis Roussos: and the War of the Zions, and the chaos caused by the war afterwards between the Ugarthians, and the, you know, Shadow Bartsees, and all of the mayhem, and the chaos, and the slaughter.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you know all about this. Well, a white dragon apparently decided that they didn't want to be caught in all that mess, and came and moved into the Icepire Mountains.
Kostadis Roussos: Everyone.
David Mendenhall: Well, the Icemire Mountains are, are, are large.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: A lot of mountains, and a lot of caves in those mountains, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Wade Brown: And a lot of dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but let me explain. So, the thing that happened was that the white dragon moved into the Icepire Mountains, and it took the ecological niche
Kostadis Roussos: Of the orcs.
Kostadis Roussos: And so the orcs moved out of the mountains.
David Mendenhall: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And, well, you know, the orc… this area has been attacked by orcs many times. You may have heard the phandalin and the whale…
David Mendenhall: What I understand is in order to save this region, we have to help the orcs. Is that what you're telling me?
Kostadis Roussos: No. No, that's not what I'm telling you. It gets more… that's good, that's good, that's… I really appreciate your willingness to see beyond the stereotypical impressions of orcs that permeate the local literature in Waterdeep, and this shows you are a man of talent in the arts, you are not…
David Mendenhall: Just being an asshole.
Wade Brown: Yeah, bye.
Kostadis Roussos: He does that. Sov does not notice that.
Kostadis Roussos: He turns to you and says, you, the rest of you should take… the rest of you are honored to be surrounded by somebody like Sanh, to be working with somebody like Vukradin.
Kostadis Roussos: A man of such wide appreciation. Anyway…
Kostadis Roussos: Anyways, so what happened is the orcs moved south, but… and then he repeats the story that you knew, that the orcs moved south, and then they split into three.
David Mendenhall: Right, right.
Kostadis Roussos: And then the orc… the Telosian orcs… the Telosian, anthro… anth…
Kostadis Roussos: Throkite, I can't remember what pronounce their names, anarchites, took control of one faction of orcs, and then there's another faction of an orcs that still stayed loyal to the… the original tribe, and basically the orcs have now fractured into multiple groups, and that…
Kostadis Roussos: The challenge is that, you know, you can't… dealing with a dragon is… and so, like, the dragon was just yet another mess in the area, and that, unfortunately, over the past,
Kostadis Roussos: little bit, the orcs have been able to capture more and more of the area around the Neverwinter Woods. They've been driving people closer and closer to Phandalin.
Wade Brown: This whole campaign is just everybody getting kicked out of homes.
David Mendenhall: I do a lot to get my music studio.
David Mendenhall: I have to kill a dragon and a lot of orcs.
Kostadis Roussos: He, he was… why? The dragon has a horde.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, but that's not his goal.
Kostadis Roussos: He didn't.
David Mendenhall: She didn't earn that.
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses, he goes, Soma, the little one, does he not? The one with feathers, doesn't he understand these things? I mean…
Wade Brown: he's… Different.
Wade Brown: We're all a little different.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he turns, of course, to Valfine.
Wade Brown: Jeez.
Gary Young: Different, too. Different than normal.
Gary Young: Excuse me.
David Mendenhall: Not evil!
Kostadis Roussos: She turns to you and looks at you. You are a cleric of Lathader?
Gary Young: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: You know that light is bad for drow, yes?
Gary Young: Light is deliciously painful for me.
Wade Brown: Are we literally in the light right now?
Kostadis Roussos: It's a little bit towards the nighttime series.
Wade Brown: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, they make them all kinds, you know, this one wants to help the wolves, the other is a cow.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a… there's a… Oh, what's that? He stares at your staff.
Wade Brown: This?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. You have metal staff?
Wade Brown: I do?
Wade Brown: He… it's just an old stick he left in my house.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, this is not metal, this is not a simple staff, this is a powerful staff.
Wade Brown: I got a leaf the other day.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, I was looking at it. It used to have more leaves than pingies, but it's one little leaf. Meryl must know you. I will help you, Soma. Soma, what do you want? Smerald and I were old friends.
Wade Brown: I don't know. We're just kind of trying to keep the world a safer place right now, trying to make sure everybody's got a place to live, trying to…
Wade Brown: Trying to keep peace among the land.
Kostadis Roussos: good summer. Look, I don't know what's going on.
Wade Brown: I don't have big aspirations.
Kostadis Roussos: the Emerald Encrave's gone a little bit not so.
Wade Brown: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So there's… there's idiots who are saying one thing, idiots who are saying the other thing, the orcs are going around, they can't decide whether the orcs are an intervention or naturalist, they're accusing each other of everything.
Wade Brown: Yeah, they can't even agree on terms.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, when they argue about whether this is natural or this is intervention.
Wade Brown: Tell me about it.
Kostadis Roussos: Orcs burned in pilots, arthrocate orc Talosians summon the evil god of storm, and this dragon is terrorizing everyone.
Wade Brown: Yep, that sounds about right. They're, they're making no sense to me.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly. You must go deal with a dragon. I think that is the most important thing.
Wade Brown: Should we deal with the Enclave as well?
David Mendenhall: We'll get to them, but where… where can we find the dragon? I mean, I know in the mountains, but where? Do you have, like…
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at Caleb.
Kostadis Roussos: kicks her. This one knows.
David Mendenhall: Oh, her? She's a traitor.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh… He stops, he goes, Valfine.
Kostadis Roussos: You are a drow, yes?
Gary Young: S.
Kostadis Roussos: You understand the importance of gray.
Gary Young: Grape.
Kostadis Roussos: Keep good.
Gary Young: That's what we're about.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, and you can't have darkness without light.
Gary Young: What?
Kostadis Roussos: You can't have the darkness without the light, you know, if there is no darkness, how do you know there's light?
Gary Young: Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let's not spend too much time theorizing about this one.
Wade Brown: What is the sound of one hand clapping?
Kostadis Roussos: all of a sudden, Valpinia goes into, like, the Xanth realizes.
Wade Brown: Disassociates from her body.
Kostadis Roussos: No, what I tried to say is something…
David Mendenhall: Can you tell us, who is Sister Kella?
Wade Brown: Who's she really? Who's she working for?
David Mendenhall: If you know her, like, tell us what you know about her.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, well, this is complicated.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: As you know, after the War of the Dragons and the Giants, this place was kind of chaotic. I was having a good time, life was grand, and then the orcs started to move in, and then this new gang of criminals comes in.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And there were three… there were… there was this one that they called the Carver that nobody ever saw.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we're still kinda looking for him.
Kostadis Roussos: And then… but he had 3 lieutenants. He had, this Borg person, whom I think you killed.
Gary Young: How'd you?
David Mendenhall: know that.
Kostadis Roussos: I live in the forest, I have many friends, what do you do? Just because you don't live in the forest doesn't mean you don't know things.
Wade Brown: You know, Vucrative, the animals talk a lot.
Kostadis Roussos: Soma, thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: He says…
Wade Brown: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: These city dwellers, they think, oh, no, there's nobody here, there's, like, animals, there's leaves, there's some birds, there's everything.
Wade Brown: The animals are very chatty.
Kostadis Roussos: end of it.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Then there was Sister Kayla and Zax.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so 2 out of 3 are dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh shit.
David Mendenhall: Business one, why isn't… why didn't… why shouldn't we kill her?
Gary Young: You're double.
David Mendenhall: agent?
Wade Brown: She could lead us to the carver.
Wade Brown: Yeah. Maybe.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, well, he goes,
Kostadis Roussos: Why shouldn't you kill her? I didn't say you shouldn't kill her, I said you should get the information. Then, if you kill her, I have no problem.
David Mendenhall: Oh, we could kill her first, and just you speak with Deb.
Wade Brown: Does anybody have that?
Wade Brown: scary.
Kostadis Roussos: She may not talk.
Gary Young: Shay, she may not talk. So, so I rolled a, 15 medicine, which was intended to be used to.
Kostadis Roussos: So she's, she's, she, she's now, she's now, conscious with one hit point.
Gary Young: Hello, Sister Kayla.
David Mendenhall: to do the interrogation?
Wade Brown: We have the face for a reason.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, but I don't like her.
Wade Brown: This puts us in a difficult spot.
Gary Young: So, are we doing good cop, bad cop here? And so the drow as the good cop?
Kostadis Roussos: Or…
Wade Brown: Oh, lord.
Kostadis Roussos: rather than a psychotically evil cop that's trying to remember all the different…
Wade Brown: No, no, recruiting wants to kill her, so he's the bad cop.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you being the psychotically evil, like, drow who's, like, says, I haven't really tortured anybody in a long time.
David Mendenhall: be bad.
Gary Young: Yeah, I've got this blindness spell in daylight? Yeah. Yeah. Funny boxes here.
Wade Brown: Submit her to the sacraments.
Gary Young: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you know, this… and you could heal… keep healing, you're afraid she could die, and you can heal her. I mean, you even have a Revivify spell, if I'm not mistaken.
David Mendenhall: Oh, wow. That's dark.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, sheep is the…
David Mendenhall: really oddly.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait.
Wade Brown: We can mold earth to dig graves?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, this, this, this, you know, and don't forget, she did… she is a daughter of Matron Satora, which was specialized in…
Kostadis Roussos: enhanced interrogation techniques that even the drow felt… Enhanced interrogation.
David Mendenhall: techniques, wow.
David Mendenhall: How… Orwellian.
Kostadis Roussos: They didn't call that, I'm calling it here out of respect for everybody's sensibilities.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, dude.
David Mendenhall: He's off, he's off to get his torture installed.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: If he comes back with a cat of nine tails and a gimp suit, I'm leaving.
Gary Young: No, sir.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, okay, so… so what's your… so what's your setup? Seriously? She… she kind of looks at you, goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank God you're alive!
Gary Young: Yes.
Wade Brown: Kayla says that?
David Mendenhall: You're the one who should be lucky.
David Mendenhall: He's alive.
Gary Young: on.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, I… I… there was the other possibility.
Gary Young: I bet you he's not.
Gary Young: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah…
Kostadis Roussos: Jax swings, and I'm alive, and Jax is now going to torture me to death for several, you know, painfully long, protracted periods.
Gary Young: We can still do that.
Gary Young: If you'd like.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but it's an if.
Kostadis Roussos: Whereas with Jack's, it was a certainty, so now there's at least a…
Gary Young: Or if I'd like.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll your intimidation. With advantage.
Gary Young: This may not go well.
Gary Young: Okay, 16.
Gary Young: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: She is impressed with you.
Gary Young: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, I didn't… she pauses and goes, I didn't know you had it in you.
Gary Young: So now you need to take… you need to tell us more about this, dragon.
Gary Young: More the Carver's good.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… The carver?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, man. The carver, he's, like, gone completely mad. He's, he's, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and so, he's like… Heading towards the dragon to possess it and wreak vengeance on everyone and everything.
Gary Young: Okay, my audio just cut out again, apparently.
David Mendenhall: Would that be bad?
David Mendenhall: Like, who, like, who is he gonna seek vengeance on?
Wade Brown: Possibly us for, you know, knocking off Borg and others, right?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean… Well, on a deeply personal level, me.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Right? I mean, he's known for not exactly, you know… I was kind of hoping that, you know, my plan wasn't to wait until there was the right moment to strike, but then you guys had to go grit the sword.
David Mendenhall: So you're telling me… You were working against the carver the whole time.
Kostadis Roussos: Well… Strictly speaking, after you killed the muscle.
Kostadis Roussos: And the carver accused me of not doing my work from an intelligence gathering perspective.
David Mendenhall: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: I kind of thought that if, the carver died, I would… my life expectancy would increase.
David Mendenhall: Why didn't you… why weren't you just up front with us? You had to do this whole, like, secretive thing with Belfina…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, she was the only one who showed up.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, like, you guys… she was the one who showed up, the rest of you didn't show up.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a lot.
Wade Brown: day!
Kostadis Roussos: And then she pauses and says, and Vukradin…
Kostadis Roussos: I had noticed that you had a difficulty in dealing with morally gray environments.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, to be honest, I figured that,
Kostadis Roussos: drow cleric of Lathander, who understands the importance of darkness and light, and all the…
David Mendenhall: really well in prison. There are a lot of morally gray people there, you can hang out with them for many years.
Wade Brown: sent in prison.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, as long as I'm alive, there's always hope.
David Mendenhall: Keep hoping, babe.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on. Let me get my, alright, so, Sister Kayla…
Kostadis Roussos: So, so she goes… so, okay, so we were… where were we?
Kostadis Roussos: So, she's like, yes, I… I… that was… that was the… that was the… the sum total of it. There wasn't anything else going on.
David Mendenhall: Do you know exactly where the dragon is?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yes, he's in the Icepire Hold!
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Can you point that out to us on a map?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: She gives you directions to it. She tells you where it is.
David Mendenhall: And what, what will you be doing… what do you think you will be doing while we go and, take care of this problem for you?
Kostadis Roussos: You want me to be in prison? I'll go be in prison.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, am I in prison?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I'm cool with that. I mean, you want me… do you want me to come with you? I'm happy to come with you, if you want me to.
Wade Brown: That scared of the carver?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, look, if… the choices are, you know, if you want to put me in prison in Vandalin, I'm happy to be in prison in Vandalin. In fact, if you wanted to put me in prison in Axel Holm, that would even be better.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: Axholm. Axholm, that was where the dwarves were, which was the hideout the folks in Phandalin wanted.
David Mendenhall: Oh, right.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: She's like, if you wanted to put me there, I think that would be great.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, in fact, if you were to go to Phandalin and tell everyone that they should go to Axholm and put me there with him.
Gary Young: I think…
Kostadis Roussos: That would be it.
Gary Young: Well…
Kostadis Roussos: But she says, but there's a small problem with all of that.
David Mendenhall: What's up?
Kostadis Roussos: The small problem is that, unfortunately, the carvers also headed to Icepire Hold.
Gary Young: Right, me not.
David Mendenhall: You told her.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I think I told it to you, and instead of us… you going there, and instead of you listening to me.
Gary Young: Good evening.
Kostadis Roussos: You tried to kill me, and then it goes to Soma, but you, Soma, you understood the value of life.
Kostadis Roussos: This is what I love. This is what I love.
Gary Young: Yeah, me too.
Kostadis Roussos: And, and Valfine, Valfine, we had an arrangement.
Gary Young: Yes, we have an arrangement.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and so I knew I could trust your arrangement and Soma's, you know, desire… lack of interest…
Wade Brown: Value of life.
David Mendenhall: You're tied up or not right now, right?
Kostadis Roussos: She's very… yes.
David Mendenhall: Tied up, yeah.
Wade Brown: Twice she's so cooperative.
David Mendenhall: Well, it looks like… on the way to Icepire Hold is Phandalin, so let's drop you off in jail.
David Mendenhall: And head off to the hold.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so she does… let me just see who this is…
Kostadis Roussos: 75.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: She makes one last observation. She says, I don't know what the carver is up to, and I don't know how he plans to take care of… to handle the dragon, but you need to get there
Kostadis Roussos: before… The ritual is complete, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Loosely speaking, so just to make… so that we don't have to do lots and lots and lots of physical math.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just telling you how it is, and please don't start pulling out rulers and compasses, let's just go with the mechanics of this, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: If you go to… you… if you can do… you can take one level of exhaustion and get to Icepire Hold.
David Mendenhall: 55 miles… Or…
Kostadis Roussos: No, because you're going through mountains up hills, right? It's not like 55 miles, it's 55 miles as the crow's flies, it's not exactly 50. So, you can take one level. If you go through Fandelin, you take two levels of exhaustion.
Kostadis Roussos: To make it before the.
David Mendenhall: Make it in time.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Alright, let's see.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, if you can take zero levels of exhaustion, but then I… whether you arrive… where you arrive in the ritual, I will roll dice and make decisions.
David Mendenhall: Alright, hang on, I gotta look up exhaustion.
Gary Young: My vote is to take her with us.
Gary Young: And.
David Mendenhall: Okay, level 1, disadvantage on ability checks.
David Mendenhall: Level 2, speed is halved.
David Mendenhall: So… We'd have disadvantage and half speed during the battle.
Wade Brown: unpleasant.
David Mendenhall: How can we cure exhaustion? Hang on.
Kostadis Roussos: Let Lesser Restoration Cures Boy.
David Mendenhall: I have lots of lesser restorations.
David Mendenhall: So we could use that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, but you would burn your spells…
Kostadis Roussos: burn your spells. So, that's your choice.
Kostadis Roussos: She does point out that… so…
Kostadis Roussos: she's cool with either option. Like, as long as she is… if she goes… what she's not cool with is you guys running away. The one thing she does say is, like, you guys not going to Ice Spire Hold and not trying to handle the ritual? That would be bad.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys going to Icepirehold and failing, and the dragon, you know, and Carver takes over the dragon and tries to kill everybody, that would be also bad, but at least we tried.
Kostadis Roussos: And by we, I mean… you.
Gary Young: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Hmm… or we could just go to, neverwinter.
David Mendenhall: No.
Wade Brown: Leylon, we're high enough level we can go to Leylon now, right?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, we could go to Leyline.
Kostadis Roussos: You could do all of.
Gary Young: We've got the Dragon Slaying Sword. We should just go use it.
Kostadis Roussos: All of these are options.
David Mendenhall: Disadvantage on all ability checks.
David Mendenhall: Doesn't seem…
Wade Brown: Can I do bird wounds yet? I bet I can't.
David Mendenhall: And we gotta drag her along.
Wade Brown: Oh, no.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a third. Hold on, there'.
David Mendenhall: If she's bound and gagged.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on. Santopoulos jumps in.
Kostadis Roussos: Vukara didn't.
Kostadis Roussos: You never asked if there is a third option.
Kostadis Roussos: Would you like to hear the third option?
David Mendenhall: Sure. You got more options?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, we put her in the… we put her in the… in the tomb, and I sit and watch her mixer, and nobody gets out.
David Mendenhall: I don't trust that.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you, you don't trust me?
David Mendenhall: She has ways to get past your defenses.
Gary Young: I have another idea.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary Young: Can the Centaurs take us to Ice Per Hold?
Gary Young: by eagles.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You can… there's 4 of you.
David Mendenhall: How many centaurs are there?
Kostadis Roussos: Only one.
David Mendenhall: Let's see how persuasive I am.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, there's literally only one.
Gary Young: Well, I mean, one right here, right now, but…
David Mendenhall: You should come with us.
Gary Young: Catch some friends, and…
David Mendenhall: You should come with me.
Gary Young: this one.
David Mendenhall: 17 Persuasion.
Kostadis Roussos: he listens to you and goes, well, I think what I could do… I'm not going up into the mountains. He looks at his feet. My feet are not for those things. Plus, I do not do mountains. I do fields and forests. I will… I will get you to… and he points you…
Kostadis Roussos: Halfway here. From there, you can go on your own.
David Mendenhall: He's taking us where, to the gold mine or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, like, like, somewhere around here.
David Mendenhall: Somewhere around the gold mine.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: That would obviate the round of exhaustion. You can't take it…
Gary Young: Levels worth of exhaustion from the two options?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So it could take you to Fandelin, and you can take… go to Aspire, or you can… I'm just, like, drawing the miles, like, 35, 35, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Do we need anything else in Phandalin? Do we need supplies?
David Mendenhall: Do we need allies?
Wade Brown: It's just one dragon, right?
Wade Brown: We have a dragon-slaying sword.
David Mendenhall: I'm the naive one.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on. Just, you know, just roll an insight check. Roll an insight check.
Gary Young: Yes, that I can do.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I meant Dave. Dave needs to rule the inside check.
David Mendenhall: Not good.
Kostadis Roussos: as you're thinking about it, you do remember that the last time your position as mayor was hinged on your ability to demonstrate power over the dragon.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And then…
David Mendenhall: The town from the dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you know, and if you showed up and said, I need help to fight the dragon, that might ruin your political… that might create opportunities for your political opponents.
David Mendenhall: I have opponents?
Kostadis Roussos: for a moment, the insight, you have the insight. It passes.
Kostadis Roussos: You rolled very poorly, so I just threw that out there. I'm not trying to convince you.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, guys, I need to get something to drink, give me a sec.
David Mendenhall: We can take Kella, but, she's gotta stay in camp with, Corbin watching her.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I mean…
Gary Young: We'll have a thief watch an assassin. It'll be great.
David Mendenhall: Oh…
Wade Brown: Hey, Corbett hasn't backstaffed.
David Mendenhall: go wrong!
Wade Brown: He's been, you know, a non-starter. We can also have Boney, I don't know.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, what are we gonna do with Boney?
Wade Brown: I mean, he's coming with us, right? Like, he's…
Gary Young: Well, I mean…
Wade Brown: Down to me.
Gary Young: travel faster. Great.
Wade Brown: Well, one of us, so wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
David Mendenhall: here.
Wade Brown: So if… if I'm an animal, like a spider or something, and we have somebody riding the centaur, we only need two people
Wade Brown: Wait, wait, wait, no, Gary, you can ride me as a bear.
Wade Brown: You can put one on the Centaur and one on Boney.
David Mendenhall: There you go.
David Mendenhall: Bear, bear with us.
Wade Brown: Three-mount, Max.
David Mendenhall: or Centaur with Passenger.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Wade Brown: That should help.
Gary Young: You forgot about, brewery.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, just to be clear.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, you have two horses. You have Boney.
David Mendenhall: bony.
Wade Brown: Anyone can have me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Bony, we have Xantha Centaur, and then we have the bear, we have Soma the Bear, and somebody can ride Soma.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, what size… what are your classes? You've got… you're an SMR, right, David?
David Mendenhall: Yeah. Drows, so you're meeting…
Kostadis Roussos: So, yeah, the centaur can carry both of you. You're not wearing heavy armor, are you?
David Mendenhall: So…
Gary Young: I'm wearing somewhat heavy armor, but…
Kostadis Roussos: But you're not both wearing, like, full plate, like…
David Mendenhall: Sadly, no. That would increase our AAC quite a bit.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: Well… I assume we…
Wade Brown: Armor?
Gary Young: No.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, exactly.
Wade Brown: I just have it built into me.
Kostadis Roussos: So you can carry 600 people, 600 pounds, according to us.
Wade Brown: 600 people.
David Mendenhall: So, we decided that Corbyn will be in charge of keeping Mr. Kella bound and gagged and…
David Mendenhall: Near unconsciousness… not unconscious, but near unconsciousness.
Kostadis Roussos: Corbin says, that will be my pleasure.
David Mendenhall: She's allowed to have one.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, He asked her, can I, can I beat her?
David Mendenhall: Until she has one hit point.
Kostadis Roussos: Ugh.
Kostadis Roussos: You, you roll… one of you roll an insight check.
Wade Brown: Yeah…
David Mendenhall: a torturer.
David Mendenhall: Oh, they didn't like each other?
Gary Young: 25.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, Melfina, Melfina smiles.
Kostadis Roussos: She knows what's going on here. She remembers the first time she got her hands on somebody who had hurt her.
David Mendenhall: Right, because they, they didn't get along, the two of them, right?
Kostadis Roussos: You don't know, you're gonna have to ask.
David Mendenhall: I know.
Gary Young: Let it be a surprise. I know now.
Wade Brown: I mean, you don'.
David Mendenhall: They both worked for the same guy, she was a bigwig, he was an outcast…
Wade Brown: You want her to suffer anyways.
David Mendenhall: No nuts.
Kostadis Roussos: Even if…
Wade Brown: Even if you knew you'd be okay with it.
Kostadis Roussos: Amazing.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: You just walk away, like, just like…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, some things. I… I gotta focus on the music studio.
David Mendenhall: Killing a dragon, returning all this treasure to its rightful owners. I got a lot going on right now.
Wade Brown: I like how your code of honor is just about loot.
Gary Young: To kill and build her the frame for it.
Kostadis Roussos: a cor… When, when…
Kostadis Roussos: Sister Kayla realizes what your plan is. She starts screaming and cursing at you about leaving her with this lunatic and this madman.
David Mendenhall: Not a lunatic! He's a friend! He was part of your crew! I'm sure the two of you will get along perfectly.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he worked for the Carver at one point.
David Mendenhall: Yep.
Wade Brown: I've been teaching…
Gary Young: I've been teaching him some of our… I've been teaching him some of our sacraments.
Kostadis Roussos: Pretty good.
David Mendenhall: Ackerman.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And with that, we will move that to the side. Bad things happen over here.
David Mendenhall: Backroom.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so… Rock to Icefire Hold.
Kostadis Roussos: Icepire Holden.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Wade Brown: We can't do a full mount to avoid exhaustion.
Kostadis Roussos: What? Can't do it.
Wade Brown: well-mounted approach.
David Mendenhall: We are avoiding exhaustion.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm saying, if you had to go from here, you have to complete the full 55 miles, right? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: through the mountains, that was going to be one level of exhaustion, but if you go to 35 miles on the horseback and then have to climb 20 miles, that's a lot of climbing for adventurers, but it's well within your…
Kostadis Roussos: Not exhaust… not exhaustion budget. 55 miles is… is in the exhaustion budget.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, adventurers apparently can do 100-mile races like it's going out of style, if you read the 5th edition.
Wade Brown: Well, how much encumbrance do they have in these races?
Kostadis Roussos: God.
Kostadis Roussos: And then monks, of course, can do 800 miles, because monks can do that sort of thing.
David Mendenhall: Aww.
David Mendenhall: Funks.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I definitely had an encounter with a monk where I put all the bad guy in, like, this very far place, and then the monk just covered the entire distance in one round, and I'm like, huh, this is why GMs hate monks.
Gary Young: Well, we can have one next, next to Adventure.
David Mendenhall: Or a whole person.
Gary Young: That was?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't… I don't… I don't… I said why they hate them. I rolled with it. I rolled with it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Point is to have fun, not to win the encounter. Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see, I have a whole bunch of stuff written down.
Gary Young: -Oh.
Wade Brown: I'm surprised.
David Mendenhall: We are prepared for this and rested, my friends. We are long rested. Everybody long rest.
Wade Brown: Unrest, alright. Clear all the… I guess I'm not bare anymore.
Wade Brown: Do we get bardic inspiration at any point?
David Mendenhall: Well, it only lasts for an hour.
Wade Brown: Oh, okay.
David Mendenhall: given it to you yet, but it is on my list of things to do. Kella is a one-hit point.
David Mendenhall: Yep, that looks right.
David Mendenhall: Every time she wakes up from her long rest, we reduce her death.
Wade Brown: And pokes her in the eye a few times.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: deserves to be.
Gary Young: And since she's Sister Kella, she'll…
Gary Young: Fit right in with the church.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm basically thinking we're going to be dealing with a.
David Mendenhall: I mean, now you'll have a branch in prison, Gary?
David Mendenhall: You don't have.
Gary Young: A temple?
David Mendenhall: And you'll have your prison branch. It'll be great!
Gary Young: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Things are looking up for Lathander.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just go through this.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: See you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you arrive at… the…
Kostadis Roussos: So you, as you approach the mountain, You, so, ma'am.
Kostadis Roussos: You get a natural sense that something is very off.
Kostadis Roussos: That the natural order of things has been disrupted.
Wade Brown: In this immediate vicinity of the mountain.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and you see a… right?
Kostadis Roussos: Who did this?
Wade Brown: Go, Gary, go.
Wade Brown: I don't know anything.
Gary Young: Yeah. Nature of 4.
Wade Brown: Yeah, you found some grass.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: I didn't mean to do that, I misquake ignored it. Oh, that was you.
Wade Brown: Sorry, I have advantage on nature checks.
Wade Brown: Right.
Wade Brown: Probably not gonna beat Bootrid in.
Wade Brown: No, I didn't beat him.
David Mendenhall: Love it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, you… okay. So, let's see where we… okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me see where I… okay, I mean, sorry, I spent quite a bit of time trying to figure this all out. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Sorry, excuse me while I figure this all out. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: As you approach the narrow defile, you see… okay, so this… where is this one? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You see a perfectly… as you approach the mountains, you see…
Kostadis Roussos: The carver has less disturbing… and you look at the trail that he's followed, it's very disturbing.
Kostadis Roussos: It's like he's following a straight line.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? It's not, like, going… it's like, if there's a rock, he goes over it, he doesn't go around it.
Wade Brown: Looney Tunes style.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: lying, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he's… he's walking. That's what's disturbing.
Kostadis Roussos: And so… So your question… so you also see…
Kostadis Roussos: And… and it… so that's sort of, like, the first thing. If you… you want to… you can go look at the footprints, you can go…
Wade Brown: We're on a bit of a clock to get to him before he gets to the ritual, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right. So, do you want to just… I mean, do you want to… you can take a turn around to just take a look. I mean, I'm just…
Wade Brown: 6 seconds? Alright, we can take 6 seconds looking at the footprints.
Kostadis Roussos: You, as you look at them, the footprints…
Kostadis Roussos: There's, like, a perfect rhythm to them.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, a robotic… robotic, like, you know, normal human…
Wade Brown: Saying they would attract the worm.
Gary Young: No instrument.
David Mendenhall: Yes, although they were made by, like, a construct, not by a… Yeah.
Wade Brown: Or a guy who's under some sort of, like, demonic spell or something, like, who's possessed, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so they're… yeah, it doesn't… they don't look natural.
Wade Brown: The imprints themselves are…
David Mendenhall: It could be… it could be an animal under a geese.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that's possible.
Wade Brown: Are they… so, they don't look natural, but are they, like, human footprints? We don't really know what race the carper is, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they're human, you know he's human.
Wade Brown: Oh, we do know HC1? Okay, for some reason.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, if I didn't tell you, I should have already told you.
David Mendenhall: And then, so then it seems like he is, like, on a quest.
Gary Young: And Sister Kella has seen him.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Yeah, she's seen him. Okay. It's not…
Wade Brown: I mean, it could have been… he could have been orc or something, that's all, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Do you start up climbing?
Wade Brown: I mean, we gotta… we gotta get there before he takes over the dragon in the world, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Gary Young: No.
Kostadis Roussos: As you approach the…
Wade Brown: possessed.
David Mendenhall: Maybe we can make a deal with the dragon.
Gary Young: Fields Interactive.
David Mendenhall: Quite intelligent.
Gary Young: Assassins, yes. Dragons, no.
Wade Brown: If you get their phylactery.
David Mendenhall: dragons now!
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you start climbing… you start climbing, I presume, right? You're gonna follow his path, or are you gonna try to… directly, or…
Kostadis Roussos: How are you going to do it?
David Mendenhall: follow his path, that's where we're headed. Is this bad?
Wade Brown: particularly difficult for everyone, like…
David Mendenhall: The dragon's not as big of a threat as he is.
Wade Brown: I scout ahead in spider form or something like that.
Wade Brown: I mean, if the climb is arduous, right? Like, that gives me something like 40 or 50-foot climb.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm just, I just… sorry, okay, so you, you, so you, you, you have to, like…
Kostadis Roussos: As you're… as you're doing this, you… someone has to roll a Wisdom Survival Check?
Kostadis Roussos: To… navigate the treacherous mountain paths while following the unnatural trail.
Kostadis Roussos: Who does that?
Kostadis Roussos: There's gonna be a bunch of chapters.
David Mendenhall: Finally, I got a 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, there's gonna be 6 checks, so there's gonna be a Wisdom, Strength, Wisdom, Intelligence, and Dexterity. You want to get 3 out of the 6 positives, so just.
David Mendenhall: Okay, I got… I got a survival.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Someone else has to do athletics, perception, nature, or stealth.
David Mendenhall: Okay. I'm very should do athletic.
Gary Young: We're very fits to athletics.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: I'll do the nature.
Wade Brown: Nature.
David Mendenhall: Well done, brewery.
Gary Young: Burberry, credited.
David Mendenhall: Nature… Nature 12, okay. What else we got?
David Mendenhall: That was 3.
Wade Brown: Perceptions?
David Mendenhall: But, for Sapterson.
Wade Brown: Dr. Gary.
David Mendenhall: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: What did you do?
Gary Young: 23.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I think that's 3. All right. So, as you climb up, as you follow the trail, you approach a narrow defilet.
Wade Brown: Oh, wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Narrow, deafilay.
Gary Young: Oh.
Gary Young: To file?
Kostadis Roussos: The file, that's the word I'm looking for.
Wade Brown: Hello.
Kostadis Roussos: Pass… Narrow pass or gorge between mountains or hills?
Kostadis Roussos: I know it in the French. I don't know it in English.
Wade Brown: You do know.
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So what is it in English, pronounced?
Wade Brown: tile.
Kostadis Roussos: Really? Like, Defile?
Kostadis Roussos: That's why it always… that's why it always awkwarded me out. I was like, is it really pronounced the same way?
Wade Brown: We steal words all the time, don't worry about it.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not worried about it, I'm just like…
Wade Brown: Colonize all the languages.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, as a Greek, I know this, because every word in English is Greek.
David Mendenhall: This is a verb, not a noun, so I'm very confused.
Gary Young: D-file.
Gary Young: That's a D file, apparently.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that's a verb.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay. Well, I… it's one of those words that I didn't know how they're… I know how they're spelled, but I don't. It's not a word I've used.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Gary Young: And it is exactly of French origin.
Gary Young: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: As you… as you approach Narrow Defile, you see the Carver's Trail cuts through the center.
Kostadis Roussos: As you look around, you notice stone giants gathered around the path, murmuring in their deep language. One giant points at the unnatural line in the snow, and shakes its head slowly.
David Mendenhall: What, there are giants here?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they're stone giants, they're very not talkative.
Wade Brown: But they're talking constantly in their language.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I mean.
Wade Brown: What?
David Mendenhall: a noun.
Gary Young: And their language, which, Blueberry and Valfin both speak.
Wade Brown: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Gary Young: What?
Kostadis Roussos: They're murmuring in their deep language, and they are talking about the stones and the rocks, and how the stones and the rocks are off, and that something is off.
David Mendenhall: Combs…
Gary Young: Rubbery should ask, have you seen our prey?
David Mendenhall: No, no, no, can we talk to the Giants?
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry asks that, and they point to the… they point to the… they said that the… the… the…
Kostadis Roussos: They say the little one.
Kostadis Roussos: with the obsidian sword, came through this path.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, as he came.
David Mendenhall: Did you try to stop him?
Kostadis Roussos: He is a little one.
Kostadis Roussos: Is of no concern of ours.
Wade Brown: I wouldn't be so sure.
David Mendenhall: Is there a way we can help you?
Kostadis Roussos: Is there a way you can help us? They look at you and go.
Kostadis Roussos: And he points to the… he points to the path, indicating that the way you could help him is by dealing with the other little one.
Kostadis Roussos: You're welcome.
David Mendenhall: no concern.
Gary Young: He's of no concern to them.
Kostadis Roussos: us.
David Mendenhall: So, how would us dealing with him help you?
Kostadis Roussos: You would no longer be here and not talking to us.
Kostadis Roussos: Apple.
Wade Brown: Ain't… You can help us by Ging the TFO.
Kostadis Roussos: You… roll… roll a nature check, Dave.
Wade Brown: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Can try a nature check.
David Mendenhall: 15.
Kostadis Roussos: You do remember something about stone giants being, like, these… the colossal introverts of giantkind?
David Mendenhall: Introverts?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they hate, like, when people…
Kostadis Roussos: They kind of, like, their view of the universe is, there's a rock. It's too talkative.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Gary Young: So…
Kostadis Roussos: This is not them, this is who they are. They don't like talking, they don't like noise, they don't like movement.
Kostadis Roussos: The one thing that…
Wade Brown: music.
David Mendenhall: But the dragon? They don't… the dragon doesn't bother them?
Kostadis Roussos: But you can ask.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I'd like to ask them about the dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: The dragon.
Wade Brown: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a sigh.
Kostadis Roussos: When Am broke the sundering, some thought that it was time for giants to seize power over the little ones.
Kostadis Roussos: Those giants failed, and they were tempted by… and Am was tempted by the power of Tiamat and her plans to rule the world with her dragons.
Kostadis Roussos: We have learned from Hexathon that now the war with the dragons is over, and the war with the little ones is over.
Gary Young: So you're not interested in fighting dragons.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the dragon can stay where the dragon lives, and the dragon does not bother us.
Wade Brown: He will soon.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm telling you what they think. Yeah, I'll know.
Wade Brown: I'm telling them what to think.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: The corrupted one seeks to, corrupt the dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, could you repeat what you said?
Gary Young: The corrupted one seeks to corrupt the dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you have any proof?
Wade Brown: Give them, you know, the 1HP Layla, or, Kayla, sister Kayla?
Kostadis Roussos: She's, she's con…
David Mendenhall: proof either.
Kostadis Roussos: She's not there.
Wade Brown: Oh, right.
David Mendenhall: And she's not…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: But there's something that you… he said… that… got you…
Kostadis Roussos: thinking that triggered you, and he said, something is wrong with the rocks.
David Mendenhall: the, the wand, you have that wand of, like, detect unnatural things. I mean…
Wade Brown: We know things are unnatural.
Wade Brown: I guess I can throw it down. The staff has the detect unnatural, though.
Wade Brown: Burn that charge.
Wade Brown: But, I mean, we know it's unnatural, I don't think it.
Kostadis Roussos: W.
Wade Brown: What's unusual?
Kostadis Roussos: You know it's unnatural.
Kostadis Roussos: But you now know you have a particular staff that's noted in this area of the world.
Wade Brown: Oh, because, yeah, because the centaur knew about it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade Brown: Alright, alright, touch the staff to some of the, out-of-place rocks. What do we get?
Kostadis Roussos: They are… They are rocks that have been warped that some kind of psychic energy has warped reality.
Wade Brown: Define a warped rock here, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Instead of, like, looking like a rock, it looks like a rock that's continuously shimmering.
Wade Brown: phasing in and out or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Amazing in and out.
Wade Brown: And we don't just see that, like, by staring at the rocks.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's when you turn on the magic. Without the magic, what it looks like to an outside observer is the rock just moves around a little bit.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, it appears as if the rock's just rolling, with no wind.
Kostadis Roussos: But what's really going on is it's shifting in phase, and that's causing it to become unbalanced.
Wade Brown: Are they headed at any… Consistent direction or anything?
Kostadis Roussos: No, but what you do notice is that they're primarily where the carver has walked.
Wade Brown: Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, there's… that guy is possessed. There's… nobody walks like that.
Wade Brown: Possessed by, I don't know.
Gary Young: Right. We should show the stones, the stone giant.
Kostadis Roussos: Don't giants look at you, And they say, hmm… Hmm…
Wade Brown: Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: They say, well… This is, again.
Kostadis Roussos: Hakaton has said, and the failure of the breaking of the sundering has shown, that giants must take care of giant things.
Kostadis Roussos: But he decides to give you a potion nonetheless.
David Mendenhall: A potion.
David Mendenhall: The blood! What is it?
Kostadis Roussos: What? No, it's not blood money.
David Mendenhall: I know!
Kostadis Roussos: Potion of Greater Healing.
Wade Brown: Something for giant strength.
Gary Young: What?
David Mendenhall: It would have been nicer.
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, well, actually, Eric, okay, no.
Wade Brown: Got it. No, I'm teasing MT, it's fine.
David Mendenhall: False!
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, no, actually, I was trying to give you something that's useful. Potion of Giant Strength is also fine, like, would you prefer that?
Wade Brown: No, no, no, no, I'm being silly.
David Mendenhall: What's Brewberry's strength?
Wade Brown: Oh, God.
Gary Young: His strength is… 18.
David Mendenhall: 18, even when he's raging?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: And, Potion of Stone Giant strength was at 24?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, and now you're not getting one of those. Pushing of Hill Giant Strength is what you're getting here.
David Mendenhall: giant.
Kostadis Roussos: He's not giving… no, he's not making some potion out of dead stone giant toenails.
David Mendenhall: That's only… that's only.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, I'm just, like, cute.
David Mendenhall: and strength.
Kostadis Roussos: That only gives them a plus one.
David Mendenhall: No, yeah.
Wade Brown: Yeah, yeah, the healing's probably better.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, what do you think is… Stone Giant's gonna hand you, like, some potion made from dead Stone Giant parts?
David Mendenhall: Well, he could give us Cloud Giant strength.
David Mendenhall: How's that?
Kostadis Roussos: Heather?
Kostadis Roussos: They're higher in the ordinary.
David Mendenhall: I know.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, you know, that would violate the rules of the Orbnome.
Wade Brown: All anybody does is violate the rules.
David Mendenhall: True.
Kostadis Roussos: And when he says that, he goes, and this is why we had the War of the Giants.
Kostadis Roussos: And so many giants died, and so many little people died, and Am had to learn…
Kostadis Roussos: And, you know, you start hearing this, like, if it was possible for you to get any more bored from the sermon
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, back.
David Mendenhall: the hike, guys. You gotta go up, up, up.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Following the truth.
Gary Young: upward.
Wade Brown: Word, not… more words.
David Mendenhall: Oh, can I ask the Giants one more thing? Yes. Was there anybody else with… The little one.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
David Mendenhall: Excellent.
Wade Brown: Obsidian Sword, though, do we know anything about that?
Wade Brown: Like, not the Giants, us as a party.
David Mendenhall: I know that I don't want to come anywhere near it. That's why I pulled person.
Wade Brown: Leveled Raining Sword.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you now approach this… I… so you… you get past the Stone Giant's Pass.
Wade Brown: Hmm, but…
Kostadis Roussos: you arrive at what is going to be known as the Glacier of Whispers. The ice here is stained with violent… and violet is in purple, the color violet energy. Frozen faces press against the ice from within, their mouths moving in silent screams. The carvers…
Kostadis Roussos: Put Kruns glow with faint psychic energy, and you hear whispers in your mind. He walks without rest, without breath, without soul.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so to get through this…
Kostadis Roussos: We're gonna either have to… what's going on?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you have to pass a couple of skill checks. Wisdom, strength, wisdom, intelligence, or dexterity. Navigate the treacherous mountain paths, climb sheer walls.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yeah, navigate, it's either navigate…
Kostadis Roussos: And spot hidden dart… so it's either survival to navigate the treacherous mountain paths, perception, spot hidden dangers like thin ice avalanche risks.
Gary Young: 1.
Wade Brown: Is this a place to Barnically inspire us to?
David Mendenhall: Damn.
Gary Young: 22 perception. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you successfully navigated the first… and what was the other one? Did you do the nature recruited in, or is it gonna be Soma?
David Mendenhall: Somed in nature, right?
Wade Brown: I haven't… I mean, I have advantage on nature, in nature, so…
David Mendenhall: Why don't you go for… go do your nature?
Wade Brown: Where the heck did I leave my character's heat?
Wade Brown: There it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so there was one success, and one failure.
Wade Brown: Aww.
David Mendenhall: What else? What else you got?
Kostadis Roussos: That's all the… that's all the only choices, but that's okay.
David Mendenhall: It was, like, a Dexterity one.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I, I, I'm… that was me, I misspoke. I'm sorry. I misspoke.
Gary Young: There's just two checks.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, there are two checks.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gary Young: Catch.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright… Okay, and now… You must all wear… as you're going through this, the…
Kostadis Roussos: Psychic resonance starts to affect you, and… Mourn… starts to affect you.
Kostadis Roussos: So roll a Group Wisdom save.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Wade Brown: Wisdom…
David Mendenhall: Pretty good saves.
David Mendenhall: Everybody's.
Kostadis Roussos: Just as… okay, well, that's good. Just as you figure, just as you're about to do that, Valfina notices that she can pray for Lathander's Bressing to grant saves on against psychic effects for 10 minutes.
Gary Young: This is just… some new thing that I can do.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you remember something about how your local priestly clerics had told you that this, this, about this area, that Lathander particularly…
Kostadis Roussos: You don't… you didn't pay that much attention to it, you figured it was all nonsense.
Gary Young: So I can, I can pregnant to do what again?
Kostadis Roussos: for this particular location, before… I just found… I just remember reading it in my notes. It doesn't matter since you guys passed it, but if you hadn't passed it, you could have used that to get everybody to give an advantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: Oh, on the navigating through the data.
Wade Brown: It's psychic stuff, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: On the psychic suffer. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You manage to navigate through that, and now we approach the final area before you approach the top of the climbing mountains, and that says, you find the frozen corpses of white… of young white Drake, its eyes burned out with necrotic
Kostadis Roussos: Energy.
Kostadis Roussos: The carver didn't bother to go around. He walked straight through the creature's lair.
Kostadis Roussos: Their mother, Drake, circles above, confused and enraged by the violation of her territory.
Kostadis Roussos: So, before you… let me just see you have some advantages here.
Kostadis Roussos: Brennan.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, one thing you could do, Vukriddin, is it comes to you…
Kostadis Roussos: that you can play some music to calm the agitated Drake.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: dear.
Wade Brown: A little Pied Piper scenario going on.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: What is it, Drake?
Wade Brown: Baby dragon?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, a Drake is a kind of dra- it's a…
Wade Brown: Adolescent?
Kostadis Roussos: What is your role?
David Mendenhall: for…
Kostadis Roussos: The music has the desired effect.
David Mendenhall: I bet.
Kostadis Roussos: You bless, so yeah, so what… so as you, as you manage to… as you play the music, the, the mother of dragons, is it… does anybody else join in? Is there just Luke Craden?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it's crazy.
Wade Brown: Jim Brubbery would have joined in, right? He loves this shit.
David Mendenhall: Oh, we're not…
Gary Young: Yeah, Jordan.
David Mendenhall: For the death metal.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we're trying to, we're trying to calm them down a little bit.
David Mendenhall: Classical, you know, we'll just do some, you know, Moonlight Sonata here.
Gary Young: The death metal lullaby?
Kostadis Roussos: what did we call it? The Lathandrian mix of…
David Mendenhall: Lafayet.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, we had a whole genre.
Gary Young: Well, Lathander is Deathshat, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Death Champ, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the, the Drake.
Kostadis Roussos: The mother Drake, calms down and lies down next to her dead and…
Kostadis Roussos: size, if you make a break for it, you could probably get past her without having to have a foot.
Wade Brown: For her.
David Mendenhall: Adam, we don't need to fight her.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you're, you, you…
Kostadis Roussos: You keep playing… you keep playing the Pied Piper and run away, is that what I'm hearing?
David Mendenhall: For sure, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Save it… save it for the real guy.
Wade Brown: Poor Mother Drake.
Wade Brown: It was one of your kids that got, you know…
David Mendenhall: Mothers are resilient.
Wade Brown: We are.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, unfortunately, the path now leads through some impossible terrain, which will require you to come up with some creative solutions.
David Mendenhall: Smaller.
David Mendenhall: Obviously.
David Mendenhall: Alright, get going, guys, we'll learn!
Wade Brown: I've grabbed my older, I've previously.
David Mendenhall: Turn this impassable terrain into passable terrain.
Wade Brown: 5 feet at a time.
David Mendenhall: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so this, okay, fair, fair. So the problem with it is that there's these boulders. I mean, it's a mountain, it's a mountain with peaks and ice, but, you know, there's just enough dirt for you to manipulate things.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: But, you're gonna have to roll to see if you, like, manipulate it successfully or create an even bigger mess like an avid.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I like this one. Yeah, let's do this. Who's wrong?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not…
Wade Brown: icon.
David Mendenhall: Elmer's the caster.
Wade Brown: Yeah, so it seems like it'd be me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm trying to think what it would be, like, I have to chuck this.
David Mendenhall: Kena?
Wade Brown: Tetris? No.
Gary Young: Wisdom?
David Mendenhall: Survival?
Gary Young: nature.
Gary Young: God.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so rather than me telling you what it is, tell me what you… how… which one of your many different ways you're planning to do it, and explain how that is justified by the ability check you want to use.
David Mendenhall: Alright, let's use Summa.
Wade Brown: Jeez,
Wade Brown: I'm trying to look at what would actually be, like, a thing that… I guess survival, because it's, like, building out, basically, I'm trying to carve a structure out of it, so…
Wade Brown: use molder to pull, pull things around to move the stones aside and move it, you know, into, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Sold. I think that's a great one. Roll the survival check, DC15.
David Mendenhall: Oh, and I gave you bardic inspiration.
Wade Brown: Well, I don't need it. I got it on its.
David Mendenhall: Okay, well, you still record it on your sheet anyway.
Wade Brown: Yeah. Oh, surely.
Kostadis Roussos: template.
Wade Brown: Barnacle-inspired discs.
Kostadis Roussos: And it's 10.30, so we will stop here.
Wade Brown: Alright…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: You guys, Gary, you know it's not next week, the week after, you said you're probably not out, right? Or not around, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Much positive.
Wade Brown: See you guys next week, then, huh?
David Mendenhall: Next week's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Thanks. Thank you, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: I like the, I like the, I like the, I like the novel use of mold earth there.
David Mendenhall: Yes!
Wade Brown: Just trying to, like, carve out a little…
David Mendenhall: only a use from Old Earth!
Wade Brown: There's always a useful molder.
Kostadis Roussos: As long as.
Wade Brown: this earth.
Kostadis Roussos: You've used Mold Earth before. It saved your character.
Wade Brown: Yeah, that's right, you, when you guys got stuck in that trap in the, in the.
Gary Young: The banker?
David Mendenhall: Whatever. Yes.
David Mendenhall: Corridor.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Which, by the way, for a 5th edition module, to have a trap that is… could be a TPK if the party walks in the wrong way in an introductory module is really weird.
David Mendenhall: your TP cash.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I didn't run it that way, but…
Wade Brown: If we all walked in, we could have died.
Kostadis Roussos: You all walk in, and what the rules as written say is it collapses, and you're all covered in dirt, and you can't dig yourselves out.
David Mendenhall: Oh, we're all suffocating?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm like…
Kostadis Roussos: I… in my… in my… I haven't seen a trap like that since I read, like, first edition modules.
David Mendenhall: Tomb of Horrors, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm like, I, of course, did not like that at all, but… and so I said, okay, whoever's at the very end can save the party, but, like, it… it was just a very odd, sort of, like.
David Mendenhall: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't like traps like that, because I think they're… if I wanted to play that, we could play first edition, and you could have a stack of characters. Yeah.
David Mendenhall: I did finish Tomb of Annihilation.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: It was fun. Alright, guys. Bye-bye.
Wade Brown: S.